[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The practice of
medicine is changing,
and I cannot predict
which way it will go.
The only thing I can
say is it will change.
And recognizing that it changes
and will continue to change,
the only way you can
influence that is
if you work with the change.
Don't push it away.
It's going to happen.
But make yourself
to be part of it
and modify, improve,
change it from the inside.
>> We live in a world where
people have a high level
of dependency also
psychologically built in.
That people need to go,
but also want to go,
to a doctor to treat them.
>> I've never seen or heard of a
society so sick as the one that
we are in now.
And people are literally
sick and tired of being
sick and tired.
>> Our current model is not
supporting us any longer
in that we have drug
resistant bacteria now.
We have genes that are being
found that are making viruses
into super genes.
We have no long-term program
to be able to fight this.
>> Well, it's the reason why
far more chemicals are being put
on the table.
And if you take them
off, not concerned.
We're living in
a false paradigm.
Absolutely, utterly.
>> The 18th century saw
the beginnings of a divided
approach to healing.
Allopathic and
homeopathic existed
as the two options accepted
by those practicing medicine.
Over time, great advances were
made in a scientific approach
to overcome illnesses,
and rational medicine
grew in popularity.
>> The science of preparing
and dispensing these medicines
and drugs is called pharmacy.
One of the oldest
professions known to man.
>> This philosophy took a
greater hold in the 19th
century with the discovery
of oil in America.
Petroleum became
a major industry,
and with that came a discernible
shift in the world of medicine.
>> Modern medicine is
aided by petroleum.
Its derivatives
are used in making
penicillin,
anesthetics, sedatives,
dyes used in laboratory tests.
Yes, day in and day out, the
men of the laboratory work on.
>> Major medical institutions
were offered vast grants,
which contributed to the new
medical buildings, equipment,
and teaching staff.
These captains of industry
and their investors
joined the boards,
shaping the curriculum
towards the teaching of surgery,
radiation, and synthetic drugs.
>> That title "Doctor" sounds
mighty good in front of it.
>> The pharmaceutical industry
had managed to gain control
of the leading
teaching institutions,
excluding alternative medicine
from the universities.
This was ultimately to
become the standard,
and only AMA approved doctors
trained under the corporations
were legally allowed
to practice medicine.
Homeopathic doctors were
associated with quackery,
and the reputations of those
practicing natural healing
were undermined using slur
campaigns and exclusions.
>> There are thousands
of medical charlatans
in the United States.
I think we can hurt them.
And any discomfort I can
inflict on the quacks
will be a great
pleasure, indeed.
>> Help stamp out quackery.
>> Only medically qualified
doctors are able to treat
people with cancer.
In the UK, they
introduced the Cancer Act
in 1940, which made it a
criminal offense for anyone
to treat or attempt to
treat anyone with cancer.
And part of that,
you can see, was
about trying to protect people
from exploitation, in terms
of individuals who would be
seen as being charlatans.
>> I had patients
where the doctor said,
if you don't stop with
your traditional medicine--
it's the herbal medicine-- the
alternative came much later,
as we all know, but
it's name is exactly
used wrong on both sides.
If you don't stop that, I
don't treat you anymore.
>> Why does someone want
to pit what they have,
which is synthetic,
against something natural,
which really is going to work?
And you and I, really,
which we are not doing what
we should to be giving
of our informed consent.
>> And they don't want you
teaching people how to clean
the body.
They want Western medicine
focusing on symptoms.
Because if you only remove the
symptoms and not the cause,
you are guaranteed repeat
business will keep bubbling up.
>> The real issue is about
health freedom and freedom
of information because I
think if people want to choose
conventional medicine for cancer
radiotherapy or chemotherapy,
then they should
have that choice.
But I think equally, people
should have more information
about other choices.
>> I've had cancer
cut out of my back,
cancer cut out of on one
labia and another one grow.
The cancers were both of kinds
a surgeon had never seen.
You wake up in a cold
sweat, dripping wet,
and you can't walk.
You're dizzy, can't see
anything and you can't walk.
It's really scary.
I already have
peripheral neuropathy.
That's tingling numbness and
pain in my hands and feet.
It never goes away.
The severity just
increases and decreases,
but it never goes away.
I've also had bleeding
retinas in both eyes.
I'm type 2, but now
insulin dependent.
I'd like to get to a
stage-- you know, like,
I believe that there are
people that can chuck
their needles all together.
And if urine helps me do that,
I'm only too keen for that.
Apparently, urine is very good
for helping you lose weight.
It certainly gets
everything else in your body
back to some kind of balance.
So once I pull off
weight, my pancreas
might stop working
properly again.
>> Drinking urine for health
benefits might seem new
to some, but history
tells us another story.
In India, scholars refer
to the ancient Sanskrit
text, the Damar tantra.
Written by Lord Shiva,
it contains 107 verses
on the occult
practice of Shivambu,
known as Water of Shiva.
One of the oldest Egyptian
medical papyrus still
exists today, dating
back to 1550 BC.
>> It's a fantastic papyrus.
It's really one of a kind.
From examining it
and studying it,
we found out it refers
to previous papyruses.
We can trace things
in this papyrus that
go back to the first dynasty.
We're talking about
3100 BC till 2980 BC.
We have, specifically,
four prescriptions
in the [INAUDIBLE]
talking about using urine
as a method of healing.
>> I guess I took
a few sips first.
I didn't mind it.
It wasn't that bad.
And, of course, within
a week or two weeks
of continually drinking it,
it's just like drinking water.
>> The taste can vary
from almost neutral,
like a slight salty,
very thin miso soup,
up to very concentrated.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The first day I drunk it,
I felt this rush of energy
and a feeling of well-being.
So much so that I
was bounding along
the street on my
way to work saying
good morning to everybody.
>> My son, he takes
it with mango juice.
I have a friend that's
taken it in coffee,
and he's lost weight
taking it in coffee.
I mean, they could take
it any way they want it.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> You can use the syringes
the diabetic people use.
One CC.
And it should be done in the
buttocks, or in the stomach,
or in the thigh.
I prefer the thigh
because it has
to go into the lymphatic system.
The syringe-- you know, it's
an older type of syringe.
The type used by
diabetic people.
OK.
You can see that this
is 100 units, or one CC.
Here is the urine.
I'm going to put it here.
OK.
So I just put it here.
All right.
You have to make sure that
there is no air in the syringe.
I don't use alcohol.
I use a little bit
of urine in there
because urine contains
hydrogen peroxide also.
Again, I have not--
this is not something
I read in a medical journal.
This is something
that I put together
from my investigations, OK?
So this is what I do.
You tap the skin so it
doesn't become too sensitive
and just put it
in, and that's it.
>> I've seen it in a
situation with a tumor.
Injected subcutaneous
around the area.
It has a very quick reaction.
It goes into the
system much quicker.
It gets into the lymphatic
system by bypassing the gut.
But it is illegal
in many countries
unless it's being carried
out by a qualified medical
professional.
>> Urine has substances
which quiet and calm.
If someone was
having tachycardia,
I've seen subcutaneous
completely eliminate
the tachycardia straight away.
I've seen someone who's
having tachycardia,
like their heart's
beating really fast
and you actually
have to slow it down,
drink urine, hold
it under the tongue,
and after three or four
minutes their blood pressure
is reduced.
>> A lot of people think
urine is a toxic waste.
It's not.
Your kidneys are part of
the circulatory system.
They're not part of
your lymphatic system.
your digestive system.
They're part of the
circulatory system.
The kidneys filter blood,
and then the bladder
filters whatever the
kidneys discharge.
So whatever is in
urine was in blood
and is not going to harm you.
>> I actually started with
the small pill container that
the hospital gives
you your pills in.
Progressed, within a day or
two, to a medicine measure.
A small glass, at one stage.
I even drank schooners.
Although the lady that
taught me about it
drinks every drop
that she passes.
And I decided just to do
a glass in the morning.
Sometimes I'll do
a little bit more.
There's no reason for
me not to drink it.
Health food in action.
I keep a store for massage,
and washing my hair,
or whatever else I
want to do with it.
Soaking my feet.
I'm preparing a basin
to soak my feet.
I do that on a regular basis.
Come with me.
I'll show you how
I store my urine.
To this purpose, I keep
it in glass bottles.
I've found it's been extremely
beneficial for my feet.
I've actually heard
of someone that's
used seven-year-old urine
on third degree burns.
Takes me about a day to fill
up two of those glass bottles.
And I've healed all
my ulcers with it.
I now keep a little
supply on hand.
It's taken all
the calloused skin
off my feet, which makes sense
because all the correct heel
creams have urea as
the basic ingredient.
And it's also quite
good to bath in.
It's actually-- it feels
wonderful on your skin
when you bathe in it.
I'll show you a picture of
the ulcer on my left leg.
That's halfway through
the healing process.
It was actually the size
of a large navel orange.
And this was the one on
my right leg, which was
about the size of a Valencia.
That's, again, halfway
through the healing process.
The doctors were
absolutely astounded that
just soaking in urine, no
creams, no pills, nothing.
Why wouldn't you use it?
>> In all of Europe, they used
old urine because old urine
contains urea--
ammonia, anyway, that's the
conversion product of urea.
And if you mix it
with the fat of wool,
it produces natural soap.
And, really, the kind of
soap that starts to foam
and smell nice.
>> This is soap.
You can wash your face with it.
It can make your face feel nice,
and fresh, and clean, and dry.
>> If you look at your cosmetic
products and take it off
the shelf and look, you'll find
that urea is one of the first
three, usually, ingredients,
which means it's a primary
ingredient.
The question that
brokes, of course,
is it someone else's urine?
Is it synthetic urine?
Is it from an animal?
>> If we're talking
about urea, I mean,
you can have it artificial,
which are plants that mimic
and chemicals that mimic
the actual benefits.
And that could be the
process with some companies,
but its original
use is from mammals.
Urea itself wouldn't be a
word that's been created,
but that's where
it is derived from.
>> It is a new thing.
It is a washing cream.
You wash your face with it.
It makes your face feel nice,
and fresh, and clean, and nice,
and soft, and smooth.
>> General facials.
Aftershave is very good.
Generally using it
on the face, it's
supposed to keep the face
a little bit less wrinkles
and make the skin more tonified.
Skin and the muscles
in that area.
>> This absorb straight into
the skin and it doesn't smell.
I always have to
demonstrate to people
and get them to smell my arm,
and they always say, well, no,
I can't smell anything.
>> You've got potassium
[INAUDIBLE] in it.
As you put that onto
your skin, of course,
this is what sweat is, isn't it?
You've got element
in urine, which
assists to help keep the pores
of your skin more healthy.
You've got spheres
there, which hydrate,
which act as more [INAUDIBLE]
and more moisturize.
And you've got
element which assists
to help protect your skin.
>> I think we need to be more
educated about ingredients,
and particularly urea
and its benefits.
>> If you have acne problems or
any kind of external epidermal
skin problems, then urine
therapy would be a great
facilitator to relieve
these conditions.
>> Yes, I use it on my
face, my eyes, my ears.
Also when I have pain.
But all the ladies are
looking at me like,
do you use cosmetic
or something?
No, it's the grace of God.
>> There are electrolytes within
urine that help us maintain
our youth.
>> There's a lot of things that
soap and cleansing creams just
can't do.
>> That's how we
start out in the womb.
It's called the water
of life because that's
what you grow in.
It is water, and
life begins there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The baby starts drinking
at five weeks old,
and it never stops the
whole time it's in there.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> Amniotic fluid is primarily
made up of the baby's own
urine.
So we've all started
off and come about
by drinking our own urine.
It's the reason our
skin is so soft.
There is a very, very high
concentration of urea in urine,
and urea is one of the
best known moisturizers.
>> Everything
carries a vibration.
Urine carries a vibration.
I believe that there are
elements within urine,
within water that really
holds components that we,
in conventional
science, cannot explain.
I really believe that
there are properties
that we are going to find out in
the future that's really going
to impact the way that
we live our lives,
the way that we apply therapy or
medicine in our everyday life.
>> There's a company in
Holland, which is called Mothers
for Mothers, and they collect
urine from pregnant mothers
every morning and they bring it
back to their factory and they
make products out of that, which
helps other women to become
pregnant if they
have difficulties.
Now, what most people don't know
is that the same company also
extracts several other
things from urine,
which they sell for
use in other medicines
and pharmaceutical products.
That's the part that really
brings them big business.
So they know that there's
several things in urine
that are highly useful
for several things.
>> And we've began talking a
bit about the benefits of urea
in skin creams.
We're talking about
uric acid being applied.
You've got pills and
all sorts of things,
which is coming
from horse's urine,
like Premarin, which people
are actually drinking horse's
pee there, or consuming it.
>> If something is free, then
nobody will advertise for it.
Who spends money to advertise
what everyone can use and help
themself?
Only in situations like
in war, after the end
and after the Second World War--
you wouldn't believe it how
many doctors, said, yeah.
Yeah.
Take urine.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> The reactions of people
when you tell them about urine
therapy can go from, wow,
I'm going to try it the next
morning, up to people that get
very angry with me and slam
the door and never want
to talk to me again.
>> Once people work through
their own prejudice--
like my wife.
She said once she got
through her own prejudice
and realized it was her--
because she humbled herself
enough to accept it.
And after got through it,
our family-- we use it.
>> If someone wanted
to start urine therapy,
I'd probably suggest that they
just become aware of it first.
What it looks like,
what it smells like.
And then when
they're ready, they
would pass their fingers
through their midstream urine.
Midstream is used
because the first 15 mil
or so will clear the urethra.
So passing the fingers
through the midstream,
and then just placing
some of that on the tongue
and seeing what it tastes like.
The taste will be
slightly salty possibly,
depending on how much
water you've had to drink
and determined by the
food that you've eaten.
>> What it is is your blood.
It's your blood
plasma ultra filtrate.
It's been filtered
by the kidneys.
And people see it as a toxic
waste, but it's more an excess.
It's an excess.
It's 95% water, 2.5%
urea, and the other 0.5%
is about 2,500
compounds, most of which
are hormones, which are
messengers in your body;
antigens, which are messengers
that cells send out for help;
and a whole range of
things, from nutrients
like vitamins, spare vitamins,
especially B vitamins,
to things like melatonin
and other compounds.
>> They found it to be
antibacterial, antiviral,
antifungal, antiseptic,
anti-inflammatory,
anti-spasmodic.
It's anti [INAUDIBLE]
if you have polio.
It's anti-cancerous.
Depending on the
condition within your body
will depend on the aspects
that are within the urine.
>> You're bringing things
in which is amphiphilic
and amphoteric.
Amphiphilic means that
you've got substance
which can combine oil and water
and things like that together.
Amphoteric means that what
is acid can become alkaline,
and what is alkaline
can become acid.
>> Body usually just gets
rid of what is not needed.
So if the urine
really has something
that beneficial in it, why
are the kidneys excreting it?
Maybe I'm outdated
in that approach.
But I can't think of using a
waste product of our own body
to treat our own body.
>> If you just
explain what urine is,
that it is a clean substance
that is mainly water--
if you just talk
about the components
and you analyze and you
tell them what is in there,
they'll be fine.
They are sometimes
willing to give it a try.
>> When you look at the urine,
it should look exactly like
this.
It's like honey.
Color like honey.
There should be not
too much bubbles.
There should be no smell.
If there is a smell of the food
that you have eaten before,
the day before, that is
not good because this means
that your body hasn't accepted
the food and much of it
is going out again.
>> Some people go
from doctor to doctor,
from practitioner
to practitioner,
and they treat chronic diseases,
and then they start with urine
therapy like allergies.
You know, it's so easy to treat
allergy to a very high percent.
>> I found out about urine
therapy from my cousin.
And when I first
heard of it, I thought
it was rather outrageous,
but I was interested.
So I kind of studied it,
and it took me five years
before I actually got up
enough nerve to try it.
My motivation was that
I had had breast cancer.
I had a lumpectomy.
And so, of course, I was very
concerned it might return.
And from the research,
I understood that it
acts as an immune booster.
So I started drinking the
urine in the beginning.
And it was a little
difficult in the beginning,
but it was probably not as bad
as you think it's going to be.
I realized that it was sterile.
That I was not going to get
some sort of germs or something
from drinking it.
So that wasn't an
issue at that point.
It was just the issue
of, well, will I actually
be able to do this?
Our whole training as
children growing up
is we're told, you know,
wash our hands, be clean.
All of that kind of
bodily stuff is dirty.
And so there's all of
those things to overcome.
So mainly at that point,
it was a taste issue.
Am I actually going to be
able to do this or not?
I think I started out
drinking maybe four
ounces of urine or
something a day,
and just the first
urine in the morning.
And then I decided
that was a lot.
And so I got down
to actually less
than an ounce, about maybe
an ounce, in the morning,
and I've continued
doing that probably
for four or five years.
And one of the most immediate
results that I could see
was the difference in my skin.
My skin improved and got
much healthier very rapidly.
And then I noticed over a
period of about six months
the fibroid tissue in
my breast disappeared.
And that's significant
because fibroid tissue
is regarded as a condition
that leads to breast cancer.
So the change in my
breasts was profound,
in both of my
breasts, and I just
thought that was incredible.
And at that point, I
really lost all fear
of the cancer coming back.
So I've always been
very reluctant to take
any kind of medications
because of the side effects.
Obviously, urine is not going
to have any side effects.
So if I want to stay healthy, I
just think it's a good regime.
My last mammogram
was a month ago,
and it was perfectly clear.
It was a follow
up mammogram also.
We noticed a difference-- we
don't get flus as frequently.
Very infrequent.
Very mild.
So I was pretty
confident that it
was a very worthwhile regime.
>> As soon as you hear
the term urine therapy,
that's all you need to know if
you want to look this subject
up.
Because you punch it
into Amazon or Google,
and all these
books just show up.
And I started ordering--
I ordered "The Water of Life"
by John Armstrong first.
And I wasn't but a quarter
of the way through it,
I had to put it down
and try my urine.
I kept ordering
more and more books
because I was trying to
figure out how that it worked.
And in the end, I
ordered over 20 books
from around the world--
India, England, Australia,
Germany, America.
And I was looking for
the mechanical how in it.
>> Some friends suggested,
why don't you put it together
in a book?
And I did.
And it was kind of a project
because publishing a book
is a whole different deal than
dealing with holistic health,
and almost everything
went wrong with the book
that could go wrong.
They all reacted like,
no, this is crazy.
You don't want to publish this.
We're not interested.
Sorry.
Go to someone else, if
you even want to try it.
>> This is the first book I
put together on urine therapy.
It had so many spelling
and grammatical errors.
I had not purchased the
spelling checker on my computer,
and so there was a lot
of errors in this book.
And this book was put
together with staples.
Some of the people
who bought this book,
they had to open it up
and wedge it against--
you see the staples on the book?
OK.
Many times they had to
wedge it against the table
and use a hammer and bang it.
Or they would open it up like
this and put it on the floor
and stomp it because
it was hard to read.
>> The 1,000 testimonies
just overwhelmed me.
I couldn't believe that
it was a vast conspiracy
that all these people would lie
about it and make this all up.
Because the books from all
over parts of the world
are all the same.
I mean, the testimonials
overlap in what
happens to people when they
started drinking their urine.
And everything that I
tried and everything
that my friends and family
tried worked exactly the way
the book said it would.
>> Also, the second
book on urine therapy,
which was more like an A to Z
book based on the complaints
that people had
had success with,
and also gave them a few extra
tips on how to apply urine
therapy in this
specific condition.
>> The types of things that
are happening are arthritis,
like a frozen hand,
just becomes freed up.
Or, you know, arthritis
all across the body.
Heart attack victims.
All the plaque gets
rinsed out of their body
and they start to function
better and feel better.
Hearing comes back,
cataracts dissolve.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> I was very, very sick
going back 16 years ago.
Really sick.
I'd just come back from
India and Sri Lanka,
and I had lost a lot of weight.
I'd gone from a size 16 down
to a size 8 in eight weeks.
And because I had severe
rheumatoid arthritis
beforehand, it turned
then into another disease,
which I can't remember the name,
but it's a very long disease.
Went to the Women's Hospital.
Got some antibiotics,
so I went home.
But then I decided to
have every glass of urine.
And a week later I went back to
her, and she couldn't believe.
I was absolutely beaming.
She said, you look
absolutely wonderful.
What have you been doing?
Because you were
so ill a week ago.
And I said, well, I've
been practicing uropathy.
And she said, you
mean you drink it?
I said, yeah.
She said, oh, my god.
She said, you just
spoiled my day.
I said, I'm telling you,
it made my whole day.
I just feel fabulous.
Because I had severe rheumatoid.
It would have to be the most
painful thing you'll ever
go through.
Like, I couldn't
even open my mouth.
I had it in my jaw, my neck,
my arms, my legs, my hips,
my whole body.
I've been waiting for this
operation for the last two
months.
I've had the other knee done,
which has been wonderful.
And I feel it's the
uropathy, urine therapy.
It actually helps you.
It helps you relax your brain.
Now I'm getting my other one
done today, this afternoon,
and that's, I think,
the urine therapy.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It feels good.
I haven't had very much--
no pain, really.
Maybe a little bit sore,
but just the slightest.
It's fine.
I woke up last night after
surgery start seeing.
No, it's been wonderful.
Now I'm going to get up
and walk in a minute.
>> OK.
How's your head?
Good?
>> Fine.
>> And your knees?
Good?
>> Yeah.
Fine.
>> Just walk to the door.
Ok.
>> Don't take too big a step.
>> Just strange.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Got out of the hospital.
I was six days in the hospital.
Went straight home.
No crutches.
My doctor actually wrote
on the paper when it was--
I went to see him-- that I
actually practice uropathy,
urine therapy.
They didn't say
anything was small.
They know.
They know about it.
But they can't afford
to put it out there
because they can't make money.
The specialist, he said to me,
what do you do will cure you.
What we give you
will never cure you.
And my rheumatoid
arthritis, at that stage,
people died from it.
The factor in my
blood was so high.
When they see my hands,
how I keep working them,
and am I in pain.
I say, no, I'm not.
So that's when it
still leads back
into uropathy, urine therapy.
So that's why it's
helping people.
If I didn't have
hands like this,
they wouldn't know that I'd
been on that circumstances.
>> There is not a single
condition that is not helped
by urine therapy.
And that every single
condition you could think of,
including arthritis, is helped.
You're bringing in hydronium
and you're bringing
in aneolic element as well.
Hydride and hydronium
irons are right there,
present in your urine,
and every single element
there in the urine is something
necessary for your blood
to work properly.
>> In San Francisco, Dr. Paul
Kangas is a strong advocate
to the proactive use of urine
therapy in the hope of reducing
the growing impact of
tuberculosis in his hometown.
>> My doctoral thesis was
written on urine therapy.
What I did is I compared
urine therapy to homeopathy
and to the blood type
diet, and analyzed
the way these interrelate.
Because urine therapy is so
useful for treating things
like TB.
San Francisco has
the highest rate
of TB of any city in
the United States.
I've talked to
numerous TB experts,
and they are not
interested urine therapy.
And I can understand that.
And so I'm not sure where to
start dealing with the TB issue
here in San Francisco.
I think I either have
to start a clinic
and get a group of people who
I have tested on effectively
treated, or else I
have to try and find
doctors who I can show the
value of this treatment.
Because the Achilles
heel of San Francisco
Health Department is the
TB epidemic in this town.
And since urine therapy is just
a natural mix, a natural fix
for TB, if I can go
to the TB community
and just cure 10
people, 20 people,
then I think I can move
urine therapy forward.
So that's what I'm doing
here in San Francisco.
>> Every year in America, there
are more than 100,000 new cases
of tuberculosis.
Of all infectious
diseases, tuberculosis
is still the greatest killer.
In spite of public health
programs on community, state,
and national level,
tuberculosis still attacks
almost as many Americans
today as 10 years ago.
Only if we fight it on
a nationwide front can
we achieve a lasting
control over tuberculosis.
>> So impressed by the
power of urine therapy, Dr.
Kangas drinks all
the urine he passes.
>> I do.
I wake up 3:00 or
4:00 in the morning
and I go to the bathroom,
like most people do,
I guess, and I urinate into
a plastic cup and I drink it.
I just go to the bathroom
and catch a cup of urine
and drink it and go back to bed.
>> In some Western countries,
the practice of Shivambu is
limited to drinking
one's own urine.
But in India, they have
a different approach.
>> I am pleased to inform
you that I have discovered
a therapy known as
[INAUDIBLE] therapy,
which is very effective
in many diseases.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> And declared
that it is cancer?
>> It is declared
that it is cancer.
>> OK.
>> So I heard your name
and I searched by internet.
And so [INAUDIBLE] That
is why I came here.
>> [INAUDIBLE].
How much weight is reduced?
>> 10kg.
Before three and two
month to very fortify.
After this is a
10kg weight reduce.
I will give one and two
months of this medicine.
After then, I take to my mother.
And, again, to check all things.
And I said this doctor that
does checkup my mother,
and what is the benefit
of the medicines.
And just to see now the
name of [INAUDIBLE] contact
to Mr. [INAUDIBLE].
He told me, please welcome.
And one time, please you
visit and please talk with me.
And after then, you
take some medicines,
definitely you will
get to positive.
>> The best time to collect the
cow urine is in the morning.
So we visit one of the dedicated
farms to witness the process.
>> So we have over
150 cows here,
aging from 5 years to 20 years.
These are the cows I used for--
we take cow urine
from all these cows.
They have a hump over the top.
This is a sign of the
original Indian breed.
Because there is a scientific
reason behind the hump.
It goes into milk,
it goes into urine,
and it has better
power, better energy
than any of the normal cow.
The food all of which are given
here is natural and organic.
We don't use fertilizers here,
any chemical fertilizers,
so that the cow urine or the
milk, which is collected,
it's chemical free.
What we do is we
use these tumblers
to collect the cow urine.
Whenever the cow is going to
urine, the tail of the cow
is lifted a little bit.
That is the signal that the
cow would be giving you--
throwing out the urine in
another 30 to 60 seconds.
So these men over here
are trained, well-trained.
They would rush to
the cow, and collect
the urine in the tumbler,
and then pour it in
back to storing vessel.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> We get 3 to 3 and 1/2 liters
of cow urine from a cow every
day.
At a time, the cow does
nearly half a liter of urine.
[INAUDIBLE] 20 to 50 ml
to half a liter in one go.
>> The use of cow urine is
so widely accepted in India,
sometimes it makes
news headlines.
>> Good evening.
You are watching
Channel 4 News Updates.
Stay tuned for a [INAUDIBLE]
headline in half an hour.
Hold your horses, for
there is a new sort
of drink coming to India.
A hard line group
located in Kanpur
have designed a new soft
drink made up of cow urine.
It's called [NON-ENGLISH],,
simply translated to cow water.
The urine is mixed with flavors
such as gooseberry and aloe
vera.
Many Hindus believe cow urine
has many similar properties
or benefits for curing cancer
and many other diseases.
Our former prime
minister, Morarji Desai,
drank his own urine
and spoke about it
as an alternative method
to curing all illnesses
and prolonging life.
He lived to the ripe age of 99.
Now that cow pee drink
is still in development,
they hope to launch soon
and take on the soft drink
[INAUDIBLE] Coca-Cola.
>> Because the concept of
drinking animal urine may not
be desirable to most, they have
developed clever ways of making
it more palatable.
>> And now we will see
the process of cow urine.
First we filter it so that all
the impurities are removed.
Then we cook it, reheat it
so that any bacterial count
or anything such as left in
the cow urine, it can be become
removed so that it is, in a
way, sterilized for using it
in these items.
After heating the cow urine,
it is again filtered, and then
used for making the syrups.
Here, we're making one of
the ointment for the heart.
This is-- it contains cow urine.
It contains some
part of cow dung also
and cow ghee mixed
with other herbs, which
is used for the heart, for
blockages and other problems.
Now, as you know,
the cow urine--
the taste is not very palatable.
It's not easy for everybody
to consume cow urine.
So we have developed processes
to make cow urine in powder
form and pack it in the capsules
as well, so it becomes easier
for the customer to have it.
There's the final product.
This form, the
capsule when the cow
urine and the herbal extracts
are inside the capsule.
You won't have any
problem of smell,
or taste, or any other problem.
It becomes very easy to consume
anything in a capsule form.
>> Trending in India
for drinking cows urine,
it may be because there is
medicinal things in urine.
The West extracts compounds
from urine to use in medicine.
Interleukin is used in cancer.
It is made in your body.
If you have cancer,
it is what your body
uses to help fight the cancer.
Urokinase is extracted and
used as a blood thinning agent.
But I think it's more the
religious aspect as well.
Cows are sacred in India.
Shivambu, which means,
in India, God's water.
So it has more that
religious connotation,
and is valued for its
religious purpose or value.
Which is where Mahatma
Gandhi, a religious figure,
fasted on his own urine
when he did his long fasts.
And probably crossed as
well, if you look at it--
40 days and 40 nights in the
desert without water and food.
The only way I know to
do that is with urine,
and doing urine therapy.
>> There are those who
believe the Bible holds hidden
symbolisms to the occult
messages of drinking urine.
>> Proverbs 5:15.
"Drink thee of thine own cistern
and waters from your own well."
Here, references, again,
to water sculptures,
and fountains, and
cisterns, and wells.
In John 7:38.
"Out of his belly shall flow
rivers of living water."
That's been changed in the
King James New Testament.
It changed it to,
"out of his heart
shall flow rivers
of living water."
And this is obviously, I
think, to try to hide it.
I don't think anybody
ever confuses their heart
with their belly.
John 4:14.
"But whosoever drinks of the
water that I shall give him
will never thirst.
But the water that
I shall give him
will become in him a fountain
of water, springing up
into everlasting life."
It doesn't say springing
up into temporary life.
It says everlasting life.
And, again, many
references to a fountain.
>> When this 19th century
Gothic cathedral was built,
some people who were responsible
in the building stages decided
to introduce a [INAUDIBLE]
of green tiles.
They've often been criticized,
and some people even
said they look very lavatorial.
And they've even referred
jokingly to the cathedral
as being in a
lavatorial Gothic style.
Now, as far as the texts
from the book of Proverbs,
to interpret that in terms
of drinking one's own urine
is to impose on it, I think, a
symbolism, which is not there
in the context.
>> It's very much
out of context.
Yes, you can say don't drink
from your own well as in,
you know, only love your spouse.
But the way the whole rest
of the part is written before
and after it, that part is
just kind of thrown in there.
And from the way
I understand it,
the Bible is very
much a hidden code.
And that seems to be
one that sticks out,
and it really seems to
really speaking directly
about drinking your own water.
>> Drinking of urine, one's own
or anyone else's, would have
any place in what was permitted.
Far less what was
recommended or advised
>> Well, we are all divided.
We are all divided.
I am a Catholic, and some of
the priests and the sisters
accept it.
Others don't.
They prefer to die
before drinking it.
But I think we are
free, and God let us--
gave us this own medicine.
>> The deeper I get in this
and I see how it's turning
people's lives around, it's
so simple and so beautiful
and basic, that's
surely a gift of God.
And that's-- I don't care what
religion they're in or what--
all of that stuff.
It's just whatever the
universe or whatever's
applying this energy
or this love for us,
it's a gift of God.
It's beautiful.
>> Why should we be afraid
of our urine, you know,
from that standpoint?
Why shouldn't we
use it as a therapy?
I mean, it is--
it's disgusting.
Let's face it.
It's a body fluid and,
therefore, it's disgusting.
>> Keep to your own wife.
Enjoy your own wife.
Enjoy the wife of your
youth and keep to her,
and don't go spreading
yourself all over the town.
That, I think, is
the clear meaning.
>> You know, Hippocrates
said you treat everything
by it's opposite.
So I was just thinking
that these proud people--
maybe that's what they need
is a humbling experience.
That's like drinking
their own urine--
on a psychological level
or even a spiritual level,
if you want to put it that way.
As far as a physiological thing,
it makes perfectly good science
sense.
That's why such a great
scientist like Linus Pauling
who won the Nobel Prize twice.
And as Shakespeare
said, desperate measures
are required, you know, when
you have a desperate illness.
How does it go?
Desperate illnesses are
by desperate measures
cured or not at all.
>> Meanwhile, in the heart
of Guadalajara, Mexico,
preparations for the fifth world
conference on urine therapy
were underway, where
doctors, practitioners,
and lecturers from around
the world came to speak
on the subject.
The morning began with
personal testimonials
of those who had
cured themselves
of chronic illnesses.
One woman drove across
Mexico to tell her story.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> I have no desire
to mislead you.
I'm sure you realize that
recovery is now a sure thing.
But if we can go through
surgery as quickly as possible--
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> This is the time for
action, rather than pity.
You need to have the
will to be cured.
Beyond that, medical
science will play its part.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> We've learned a
great deal about cancer,
but a great many
questions go unanswered.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> She was on the urine
therapy conference in Brazil.
Her husband died from AIDS.
She herself had been
tested several times
and was in a stage where
she was severely sick,
even pneumonia, AIDS
related pneumonia.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> She did the full
fledged approach,
including urine therapy, that is
advocated by a Japanese doctor
in Central America.
Dr. [INAUDIBLE].
That includes strict diet,
using a lot of herbs,
and drinking only urine, and
doing massage with old urine.
And at some point, she
had a healing crisis
with, again, pneumonia.
People advised her
to go to hospital,
but she was very
adamant that she
wanted to go through with it.
And then she went for testing
again and she was HIV negative,
and her health severely
improved after that.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> They wanted to
suppress the news,
but they couldn't at some point
because her lawyer was on top
of it.
They accepted her as the
first healed case of HIV.
>> [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> People need to contribute
positively to the debate
and to try and respect
each other's positions.
And I think to
respect the position
of medical professionals,
Western doctors, and also
naturopaths.
And you've got good naturopaths,
and you've got good doctors,
and you get ones who
aren't so good as well.
And I think in both of those
worlds, you can find the good.
>> You can't legally
heal certain illnesses.
But, OK, they lost the illness.
That's quite good if somebody
lost his cancer or silly things
like that.
All right.
I can't say yet that
we are able to make
HIV positive to
HIV negative, but I
have very good
leads that urine is
a very good medicine against
HIV positive for AIDS
in the later stage.
>> So I think that raising of
consciousness is a good thing,
and I think people need
to contribute positively
to the debate and to try and
respect each other's positions.
And I think to
respect to position
of medical professionals,
Western doctors, and also
naturopaths.
>> The problem with urine
therapy is it costs nothing.
Everyone has it free.
And no medicine fits so good
to this particular person
as their own urine.
Our pharmaceutical
industry would go broke
and the governments
would have a lot of money
more for helping,
maybe, other people.
Building maybe-- we don't
need so much hospital anymore.
Several doctor friends said
we could save 30% to 50%
of hospital beds.
So don't build hospitals.
Do something nice.
>> You have to know,
this can save lives.
This is no baloney.
But the problem is
there's no money in it.
People who do this are
exposing themselves
to a lot of problems.
Salud.
>> I would wish everyone a
healthy drink with or without
doing urine, and to enjoy the
water of life in many ways.
Be it through urine or be it
through the more subtle water
of life.
Just the enjoyment of life
in all its miraculous ways.
>> The interesting thing to
realize is that an apple a day
keeps the doctor is not as
beneficial as a glass of urine
a day keeps the doctor away.
But I don't think
that's very readily
going to come into
our classrooms
to teach our students.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) 'Cause some folks,
they can't handle it--
the truth that
your health can be
improved with a glass of piss.
I drink my wee so I
can feel all right.
I drink my wee and I
can sleep at night.
Every morning when
I wake up, I'm
putting my wee in
my favorite cup
and drinking down, down, down.
This lifestyle
should be for you.
But there are those that
think that it's a [INAUDIBLE]..
While you ponder,
just remember this--
your life can be enhanced
with a glass of piss.
I drink my wee so I
can feel all right.
I drink my wee and I
can sleep at night.
Every morning when
I wake up, I'm
putting my wee in
my favorite cup
and drinking down, down, down.
And drinking down, down, down.
I drink my wee so I
can feel all right.
I drink my wee and I
can sleep at night.
Every morning when
I wake up, I'm
putting my wee in
my favorite cup
and drinking down, down, down.
And drinking down, down, down.
Mm, that's good.